[Music]
[Music] and it shall be when you come into the
and it shall be when you come into the
and it shall be when you come into the land which the Lord your God is giving
land which the Lord your God is giving
land which the Lord your God is giving you as an inheritance and you possess it
you as an inheritance and you possess it
you as an inheritance and you possess it and dwell in it that you shall take some
and dwell in it that you shall take some
and dwell in it that you shall take some of the first of all the produce of the
of the first of all the produce of the
of the first of all the produce of the Grauman which you shall bring from your
Grauman which you shall bring from your
Grauman which you shall bring from your land that the Lord your God is giving
land that the Lord your God is giving
land that the Lord your God is giving you and put it in the basket and go to
you and put it in the basket and go to
you and put it in the basket and go to the place where the Lord your God
the place where the Lord your God
the place where the Lord your God chooses to make his name abide and you
chooses to make his name abide and you
chooses to make his name abide and you shall go to the one who is priest in
shall go to the one who is priest in
shall go to the one who is priest in those days and say to him I declare
those days and say to him I declare
those days and say to him I declare today to the Lord your God that I have
today to the Lord your God that I have
today to the Lord your God that I have come to the country which the Lord swore
come to the country which the Lord swore
come to the country which the Lord swore to our fathers to give us then the
to our fathers to give us then the
to our fathers to give us then the priest shall take the basket out of your
priest shall take the basket out of your
priest shall take the basket out of your hand and set it down the before the
hand and set it down the before the
hand and set it down the before the altar of the Lord your God and you shall
altar of the Lord your God and you shall
altar of the Lord your God and you shall answer and say before the Lord your God
answer and say before the Lord your God
answer and say before the Lord your God my father was a Syrian about to perish
my father was a Syrian about to perish
my father was a Syrian about to perish and he went down to Egypt and dwelt
and he went down to Egypt and dwelt
and he went down to Egypt and dwelt there few in number and there he became
there few in number and there he became
there few in number and there he became a mission great mighty and populous but
a mission great mighty and populous but
a mission great mighty and populous but the Egyptians mistreated us afflicted us
the Egyptians mistreated us afflicted us
the Egyptians mistreated us afflicted us and laid hard bondage on us then we
and laid hard bondage on us then we
and laid hard bondage on us then we cried out to the Lord God of our fathers
cried out to the Lord God of our fathers
cried out to the Lord God of our fathers and the Lord heard our voice and looked
and the Lord heard our voice and looked
and the Lord heard our voice and looked on our affliction and our labor and our
on our affliction and our labor and our
on our affliction and our labor and our oppression so the Lord brought us out of
oppression so the Lord brought us out of
oppression so the Lord brought us out of Egypt with a mighty hand and with an
Egypt with a mighty hand and with an
Egypt with a mighty hand and with an outstretched arm with great terror and
outstretched arm with great terror and
outstretched arm with great terror and with signs and wonders he has brought us
with signs and wonders he has brought us
with signs and wonders he has brought us to this place and has given us this land
to this place and has given us this land
to this place and has given us this land a land flowing with milk and honey and
a land flowing with milk and honey and
a land flowing with milk and honey and now behold I have brought the
now behold I have brought the
now behold I have brought the firstfruits of the land which you O Lord
firstfruits of the land which you O Lord
firstfruits of the land which you O Lord have given me then you shall set it
have given me then you shall set it
have given me then you shall set it before the Lord your God and worship
before the Lord your God and worship
before the Lord your God and worship before the Lord your God so you shall
before the Lord your God so you shall
before the Lord your God so you shall rejoice in every good thing which the
rejoice in every good thing which the
rejoice in every good thing which the Lord your God has given to you and your
Lord your God has given to you and your
Lord your God has given to you and your house you and the Levite and the
house you and the Levite and the
house you and the Levite and the stranger who is among you when you have
stranger who is among you when you have
stranger who is among you when you have finished laying aside all the tithes of
finished laying aside all the tithes of
finished laying aside all the tithes of your increase in the third year the year
your increase in the third year the year
your increase in the third year the year of tithing and have given it to the
of tithing and have given it to the
of tithing and have given it to the Levite
Levite
Levite the stranger the fatherless and the
the stranger the fatherless and the
the stranger the fatherless and the widow so that they may eat within your
widow so that they may eat within your
widow so that they may eat within your gates and be filled then you shall say
gates and be filled then you shall say
gates and be filled then you shall say before the Lord your God I have removed
before the Lord your God I have removed
before the Lord your God I have removed the holy tithe from my house and also
the holy tithe from my house and also
the holy tithe from my house and also have given them to the Levites the
have given them to the Levites the
have given them to the Levites the stranger the fatherless and the widow
stranger the fatherless and the widow
stranger the fatherless and the widow according to all your Commandments which
according to all your Commandments which
according to all your Commandments which you have commanded me
you have commanded me
you have commanded me I have not transgressed your
I have not transgressed your
I have not transgressed your Commandments nor have I forgotten them I
Commandments nor have I forgotten them I
Commandments nor have I forgotten them I have not eaten any of it when in
have not eaten any of it when in
have not eaten any of it when in mourning nor have I removed any of it
mourning nor have I removed any of it
mourning nor have I removed any of it for an unclean use nor given any of it
for an unclean use nor given any of it
for an unclean use nor given any of it for the dead I have obeyed the voice of
for the dead I have obeyed the voice of
for the dead I have obeyed the voice of the Lord my God and have done according
the Lord my God and have done according
the Lord my God and have done according to all that you have commanded me
to all that you have commanded me
to all that you have commanded me look down from your holy habitation from
look down from your holy habitation from
look down from your holy habitation from heaven and bless your people Israel and
heaven and bless your people Israel and
heaven and bless your people Israel and the land which you have given us just as
the land which you have given us just as
the land which you have given us just as you swore to our fathers a land flowing
you swore to our fathers a land flowing
you swore to our fathers a land flowing with milk and honey
this day the Lord your God commands you
this day the Lord your God commands you to observe these statutes and judgments
therefore you shall be careful to
therefore you shall be careful to observe them with all your heart and
observe them with all your heart and
observe them with all your heart and with all your soul
today you have proclaimed the Lord to be
today you have proclaimed the Lord to be your God and that you will walk in his
your God and that you will walk in his
your God and that you will walk in his ways and keep his statutes his
ways and keep his statutes his
ways and keep his statutes his Commandments and his judgments and that
Commandments and his judgments and that
Commandments and his judgments and that you will obey his voice also today the
you will obey his voice also today the
you will obey his voice also today the Lord has proclaimed you to be his
Lord has proclaimed you to be his
Lord has proclaimed you to be his special people just as he promised you
special people just as he promised you
special people just as he promised you that you should keep all his
that you should keep all his
that you should keep all his Commandments and that he will set you
Commandments and that he will set you
Commandments and that he will set you high above all nations which he has made
high above all nations which he has made
high above all nations which he has made in praise in name and in honor and that
in praise in name and in honor and that
in praise in name and in honor and that you may be a holy people to the
you may be a holy people to the
you may be a holy people to the Lord your God just as he has spoken